Update prevent page caching guide to include a handler (#45)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/caching.md

Sometimes, however, you don't want to cache anything, even if the upstream backend returns a `max-age`. Other times you might want to [improve the performance](/guides/performance#section_turn_off_caching_when_not_needed) of pages that can never be cached at edge. In those cases you can turn off caching:

```js
router.get('/some/uncacheable/path', ({ cache, proxy }) => {
  cache({
    // Other options...
    edge: false
  })

>   // The route will need to send a response for the routing to finish processing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // The route will need to send a response to prevent the request from continuing on to subsequent routes.
```
